feat: Change cg scale (#784)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/pilots-corner/beginner-guide/engine-start-taxi.md

        The FlyByWire checklist's trim section at the bottom indicates we would need to set a nose up trim of about 0.2.

>     !!! warning "The CG scale available in the Asobo's model of the flight deck not entirely accurate for the A320neo. This is corrected in the [Development Version](https://docs.flybywiresim.com/fbw-a32nx/fbw-versions/#development-version-recommended) of the Plane."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    !!! warning "The CG scale available in the Asobo model of the flight deck is not entirely accurate for the A320neo. This is corrected in the [Development Version](https://docs.flybywiresim.com/fbw-a32nx/fbw-versions/#development-version-recommended) of the Plane."
```

Reviewer: Minor suggestion

>     !!! warning "The CG scale available in the Asobo's model of the flight deck not entirely accurate for the A320neo. This is already fixed in the [Development Version](https://docs.flybywiresim.com/fbw-a32nx/fbw-versions/#development-version-recommended) of the Plane."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    !!! warning "The CG scale available in the Asobo's model of the flight deck not entirely accurate for the A320neo. This is corrected in the [Development Version](https://docs.flybywiresim.com/fbw-a32nx/fbw-versions/#development-version-recommended) of the Plane."
```
